the your water so you're looking about
it close to a thousand dollars a night
to doggy boat here
Enterprise 5 you can rent that one for
the week with 11 of your friends for
only two hundred and twenty five
thousand dollars get this you don't even
leave the dock for that price though you
have to sit on the boat just laugh at
all the four people alright for the most
part the larger boats are seen in here
are fed ships big ships are made in
Holland it takes six years to complete
the smallest one they make is 135 feet
and you have to put a 20 million dollar
to pause it down before you even start
building it for you windows cut out the
butterfly house being any shape digs
anything like a butterfly see those past
circular stairs those are the antennas
now that house is built on zero lobbying
and there's no front hair back yard guy
ran into a problem there and nowhere to
put his pool what a problem to have the
problem for him however you put it on
the roof ten-car garage underneath them
and those two points you see those are
the two elevators that take you from the
bottom floor off to the right and see
the county of lady down ladies 157
footbed here let's go make something
look at both deliver all that boat and
two identical to it one spark island
waiting for
the other be ganyan bleep I'm going to
take the butterfly house Phil hands want
to take the galley all right people who
took the butterfly house congratulations
that's 19 million dollar house seven
million dollars you don't like yachting
you can always sell it by a neighbor
person
off to the right to Berlin 2.3 wave
International Swimming Hall of Fame
that's where they say Spring Break got
its start down here college students
came down to the bars right up and
running
I love that sexual
cheapest place to stay in Fort
Lauderdale it's $35 a night the only
problem is you need to bring your own
boat tie off to one of those morons
dockmaster comes by every morning about
eight a.m.
alright folks not the right house to the
left but a little bit in front of that
across the canal the tan house that
belongs to mr. Pillsbury mr. Tilbury is
not the poppin fresh dough boy however
is rolling in dough if you notice to the
left of that property you're going to
see it three car garage with a few eat
windows on the side why would you have
for this maybe chilis best place on the
beach if you can get it body piercing to
the top or a long time okay well three
rounds make sure I don't this function
hey